Manager, why are you here? Sister-in-law, you are back.
I brought my brother the information
What about your brother?
Went to the port to pick up the goods.
Isn't Yang Yi usually responsible?
Why did he go today
Yang Yi, sister-in-law, let me tell you, you don't know
This Yang Yi dared to deliver goods in his company
He carries private goods
My brother knows about it
He took the initiative to rob
Entrainment of private goods
Yeah, who would have thought that Yang Yi could do this?
Yang Yi is definitely not such a person
When did you find out?
Why didn't you tell me?
Do your parents know?
Hi sister-in-law
Haven't you been in bad health all the time?
And then your parents are getting older too
My brother doesn't want you to worry
Then he gave it all to himself
Mingming
I didn't expect you to work so hard behind your back
What the hell did he say that for?
I will send the information to my brother first.
Gone, gone
Chu Minghua has actually reached out his hand now
Entered the nearby group
Such a nice door
He is a county doctor
How can I understand so many things about doing business?
Chu Mingli must be helping him deal with this.
Hello Enron
Accompany me to the port tomorrow